buildpack create command is added to docs. (#376)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/buildpack-author-guide/create-buildpack/building-blocks-cnb.md

Let's create the directory where your buildpack will live:

## Using the Pack CLI

The `buildpack new <id>` commmand will create a directory named for the buildpack ID.

Example:
<!-- test:exec -->
```bash
pack buildpack new examples/ruby \
    --api 0.5 \
    --path ruby-buildpack \

>     --version 0.0.1

Reviewer: Do we need to add 

`--stacks io.buildpacks.samples.stacks.bionic` here?

Author: Yeah you are right, i added Thx. 💯

Let's create the directory where your buildpack will live:

## Using the Pack CLI

The `buildpack new <id>` commmand will create a directory named for the buildpack ID.

Example:
<!-- test:exec -->
```bash
pack buildpack new examples/ruby \
    --api 0.5 \
    --name "Ruby Buildpack" \
    --path ruby-buildpack \
    --version 0.0.1
```
This command will create `ruby-buildpack` directory which contains `buildpack.toml`, `bin/build`,  `bin/detect` files.

### Additional Parameters
- `-a, --api` Buildpack API compatibility of the generated buildpack
- `-h, --help` Help for 'new'
- `--path` the location on the filesystem to generate the artifacts.
- `--stacks` Stack(s) this buildpack will be compatible with. Repeat for each stack in order, or supply once by comma-separated list
- `-V, --version` the version of the buildpack in buildpack.toml

## Using Shell
<!-- test:exec -->
```bash

> mkdir ruby-buildpack

Reviewer 2: Now that you've added the `pack buildpack new`, we'll also need to change some of the subsequent steps. You'll no longer need to `mkdir` or "create" files. I think this will move be a change to the prose.

Author: Okey, i deleted some subsequent steps, and updated generated content with running command

# Buildpack ID and metadata
[buildpack]
  id = "examples/ruby"
  version = "0.0.1"

# Stacks that the buildpack will work with
[[stacks]]

>   id = "io.buildpacks.stacks.bionic"

Reviewer: I believe we explicitly wanted the samples stack id for the tutorial so that users don't end up accidentally using these buildpacks in production.

Author: Yeah Sure !

# Buildpack ID and metadata
[buildpack]
  id = "examples/ruby"
  version = "0.0.1"

# Stacks that the buildpack will work with
[[stacks]]
  id = "io.buildpacks.samples.stacks.bionic"

```

You will notice two specific fields in the file: `buildpack.id` and `stack.id`. The buildpack ID is the way you will reference the buildpack when you create buildpack groups, builders, etc. The stack ID is the root file system in which the buildpack will be run. This example can be run on one of two different stacks, both based upon Ubuntu Bionic.

### `detect` and `build`

Next, we will cover the `detect` and `build` scripts. These files are created in `bin` directory in your buildpack directory.

> `ruby-buildpack/bin/detect` file has the following contents:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now update your `ruby-buildpack/bin/detect` file and copy in the following contents:
```

Author: i updated content

Next you will need to create the `detect` and `build` scripts. These files must exist in a `bin` directory in your buildpack directory.
Next, we will cover the `detect` and `build` scripts. These files are created in `bin` directory in your buildpack directory.

Create your `bin` directory and then change to that directory.

<!-- test:exec -->
```bash
mkdir ruby-buildpack/bin
```

Now create your `ruby-buildpack/bin/detect` file and copy in the following contents:
`ruby-buildpack/bin/detect` file has the following contents:

<!-- test:file=ruby-buildpack/bin/detect -->
```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

> set -eo pipefail

Reviewer 2: ```
set -eo pipefail
```

Author: i added this line again.

> exit 0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
exit 1
```

Author: i changed to status to exit 1, so it will give error for "$?"
